SDK-1573: add PrivateKeySecp256k1 creation step in How to stake section (#100)
HorizenOfficial/evm-documentation: docs/horizen_eon/05-staking/03-how_to_stake_on_eon.md

    }
  }
}
```

> Then you need to add an ethereum like key called `PrivateKeySecp256k1`.

Reviewer: I want to make sure "Ethereum-like" is the correct term to use here.

> Then you need to add an ethereum like key called `PrivateKeySecp256k1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you need to generate an Ethereum compatible address key pair called `PrivateKeySecp256k1`.
```
